you
this is kevin from snowboardprocamp.com
and this beginner series video I'll show
you how to slide on your snowboard on
the heel edge sliding on your heels is
the first thing you want to practice
with both feet strapped into your board
heel sliding allows you to control your
speed on the slope it also allows you to
travel from one side of the run to the
other
before trying to heal slide make sure
you've watched the videos on skating and
getting off the chairlift
you want to start by finding an easy
bunny hill to practice on for your first
try you can even get someone to hold
your hands for balance
to start your board sliding lift your
toe edge up away from the snow the more
you lift your toes away from the snow
the slower you will go
you want to find that spot where you can
lift your toes and slide smoothly
while sliding keep your knees and hips
bent with your back straight and head up
this will keep your weight in the center
of your snowboard keep your hands at
your side with your shoulders facing the
bottom of the slope this will keep your
snowboard sliding straight
slide your snowboard to the left by
pointing your hand down and to the left
putting a little bit more weight on your
left foot
to change directions start pointing to
the right and putting a little bit more
weight on your right foot
to slide straight put equal weight on
each foot and square your shoulders to
the bottom of the slope
practice your sliding until you're
comfortable controlling your speed and
travelling back and forth across the
hill
in the next beginner series video I'll
show you how to slide on your toes which
is the final step before turning on your
snowboard
subscribe to snowboardprocamp to check
out upcoming videos leave any questions
about this video in the comment box
below and share this video with any
friends learning to snowboard
you